I just remember it being, like, so surreal.
Couldn’t kind of make sense of it at first.
You’re like, “Is this really happening or is this
performance? Is this something that somebody’s
staging?” Or, you know, like, I just didn’t
know what was really happening. The last thing
I thought of was “police raid.” It just seemed so
bizarre. The thing I remember mostly is they were
just very, like, gruff and very not conscientious
about what they were walking into. You know,
the whole thing kind of left a bad taste in my
mouth because I just thought that it was such
an unnecessary use of aggression and force,
and... I mean, but that’s my feeling with
these types of things, whether it’s an all-female
event or any kind of private... I mean, public,
but private, adult, permission-based
event where there was, like, nothing,
in my mind, harmful or illegal going on. Really,
ultimately, [laughing] one of the most harmless
things you could do, and here we are, like,
raiding it. It just seemed ridiculous to me.